Fix #1697: Update migration guide for 1FA activation removal (#1698)
wultra/enrollment-server: docs/Configuration-Properties.md

| `spring.security.oauth2.resource-server.jwt.audiences`  |         | OIDC property, a comma-separated list of allowed `aud` JWT claim values to be validated.                                                                                                                                                   |
| `enrollment-server.flag.reporting`                      | `false` | When set to `true`, it adds activation flags to a custom object when retrieving the activation status.                                                                                                                                     |

## Security Configuration

| Property                     | Default | Note                                                                                                 |
|------------------------------|---------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `activation.remove.allow1fa` | `false` | Whether 1FA authentication using `POSSESSION` factor is enabled for the activation removal endpoint. |

Author: It's correct.

> | `activation.remove.allow1fa` | `false` | Whether 1FA authentication using `POSSESSION` factor is enabled for the activation removal endpoint. |

Reviewer: Nitpick

```suggestion
| `activation.remove.allow1fa` | `false` | Whether single-factor authentication using `POSSESSION` factor is permitted for the activation removal endpoint. |
```
